README.md, before:

# Enabling Hardware Serial Port
Make sure to enable the hardware serial port through the interface options.

On a new terminal enter,
```
sudo raspi-config
```

And in the configuration menu, navigate to ```Interface Options```.

Click on ```Serial Port``` or what most closely resembles that option.

* When asked ```Login shell over serial?``` Select <strong>No</strong>.

* When asked ```Enable hardware serial port?``` Select <strong>Yes</strong>.

Reboot the device.

# Verifying that UART is Enabled

On a new terminal enter,
```
sudo nano /boot/config.txt
```

And make sure that ```enable_uart=1``` exists, it can typically be found near the bottom of the file.

# Using the MotorDriver Class
```python
from MotorDriver import MotorDriver
motor_driver = MotorDriver()
motor_driver.move_motor(1, 10) ## Moves the first motor by 10% of its maximum RPM.
motor_driver.move_motor(2, -20) ## Moves the second motor by 20% of its maximum RPM in the inverse direction.
```

# Sabertooth Simplified Serial Mode Information
## Standard Simplified Serial Mode
For selecting the standard simplfied mode, mimic the following dip switch configuration, note that the baud rate is configured separately.
![alt text](<Standard Simplified Serial Mode.png>)

## Baud Rate is set by the Dip Switches
![alt text](<Baud Rate.png>)
For the using the python software "out of the box," choose the ```9600 Baud Rate``` configuration.

If communication is not reliable, it is recommended to decrease the baud rate.

## Connecting the transmit line
From the host, connect the transmit line to S1. The host's receive line is not connected to the Sabertooth in Standard Simplified Serial Mode.

Commit message:

NEW: Included information on stopping the motors in the README document.

README.md, after:

# Enabling Hardware Serial Port
Make sure to enable the hardware serial port through the interface options.

On a new terminal enter,
```
sudo raspi-config
```

And in the configuration menu, navigate to ```Interface Options```.

Click on ```Serial Port``` or what most closely resembles that option.

* When asked ```Login shell over serial?``` Select <strong>No</strong>.

* When asked ```Enable hardware serial port?``` Select <strong>Yes</strong>.

Reboot the device.

# Verifying that UART is Enabled

On a new terminal enter,
```
sudo nano /boot/config.txt
```

And make sure that ```enable_uart=1``` exists, it can typically be found near the bottom of the file.

# Using the MotorDriver Class
```python
from MotorDriver import MotorDriver
motor_driver = MotorDriver()
motor_driver.move_motor(1, 10) ## Moves the first motor by 10% of its maximum RPM.
motor_driver.move_motor(2, -20) ## Moves the second motor by 20% of its maximum RPM in the inverse direction.

motor_driver.move_motor(1, 0) ## Stops the first motor.
motor_driver.stop_all_motors() ## Stops all motors simultaneously by disabling output drive to the motors.
```

# Sabertooth Simplified Serial Mode Information
## Standard Simplified Serial Mode
For selecting the standard simplfied mode, mimic the following dip switch configuration, note that the baud rate is configured separately.
![alt text](<Standard Simplified Serial Mode.png>)

## Baud Rate is set by the Dip Switches
![alt text](<Baud Rate.png>)
For the using the python software "out of the box," choose the ```9600 Baud Rate``` configuration.

If communication is not reliable, it is recommended to decrease the baud rate.

## Connecting the transmit line
From the host, connect the transmit line to S1. The host's receive line is not connected to the Sabertooth in Standard Simplified Serial Mode.
